sup everybody it's your boy dynamite
here again with a nice little glitch to
be able to put your crew emblem on the
front and the back of your t-shirt
alright let's just jump right into it
alright the first thing you're gonna do
is you're gonna go to the store and
you're going to remove any other way you
might have and you're gonna have to
purchase your cruel t-shirt I already
own this stuff but I'm just gonna show
you how to do it
you're gonna purchase your crew t-shirt
and then you're gonna buy the emblem for
the front the large emblem next you're
gonna buy the first leather jacket which
I also already own
then you're going to buy the crew emblem
the large one for the back of that
jacket and you're pretty much done with
the upper body with so now we're going
to run over to accessories and you're
gonna go through watches and just buy
the first watch
once you do that the jacket disappears
your crew shirt turns into the color of
the jacket and you now have the logo on
the front and the back you can keep that
watch on or you can change it or you can
remove it altogether
it's just needed to be purchased just so
you can get the glitch going now as you
can probably see here for my emblem it's
glitching out a little bit on the left
and right corners that might or might
not happen for you but hey it's one of
those things this is a glitch it's not
even meant to be done that's it I'm your
board dynamite and I hope you enjoy this
and you find it useful peace
you